Adding blog update for newly added collector sigs (#2385)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/blog/2023/additional-collector-sig.md

---

> title: Additional collector SIGs for APAC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: New Collector SIGs for APAC
```

date: 2023-02-23
author: '[Sean Marciniak](https://github.com/MovieStoreGuy) (Atlassian)'
---

As the collector community grows worldwide, having the ability to meet with each

> other is a challenge. To help more APAC of maintainers and contributors connect,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
other is a challenge. To help more APAC maintainers and contributors connect,
```

---

> title: Additional collector SIGs for APAC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: New APAC collector SIG meetings
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: New APAC Collector SIG meetings
```

Reviewer: @MovieStoreGuy - somehow these comments weren't addressed. I'll submit a new PR.

Reviewer: Suggestions applied in #2413

> linkTitle: APAC collector SIGs

Reviewer: We can probably drop the `linkTitle` given that the title is short enough.

date: 2023-02-23
author: '[Sean Marciniak](https://github.com/MovieStoreGuy) (Atlassian)'
---

As more investment grows for the collector from around the world, the ability to
gather and converse becomes a challenge. To help bring more of maintainers and
contributors together, two additional times have been added:

- 1st Wednesday is EU-APAC friendly
- 3rd Wednesday is NA-APAC friendly

## Meeting times

|         | UTC−08:00 (PST) | UTC -05:00 (EST) | UTC +01:00 (CET) | UTC +08:00 (China) | UTC +10:00 (Sydney) |
| ------- | --------------- | ---------------- | ---------------- | ------------------ | ------------------- |
| EU-APAC | 00:00           | 03:00            | 09:00            | 16:00              | 19:00               |
| NA-APAC | 15:00           | 18:00            | 00:00            | 07:00              | 10:00               |

> To stay up to date with these times, subscribe to our

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To stay up to date with these times, subscribe to the
```

Reviewer: Suggestions applied in #2413

[community calendar](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community#calendar).

> We look forward to seeing more of you, the collector community, at these new

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We look forward to seeing more of you join the Collector community at these new
```

Reviewer: Suggestions applied in #2413

---

> title: Additional collector Sig for APAC regions

Reviewer: The text of the first heading in the post body makes for a good title IMHO:

```suggestion
title: Additional collector SIGs for APAC
```

> linkTitle: Additional APAC friendly meetings for collector # Mandatory, make sure that your short title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
linkTitle: APAC collector SIGs
```

> date: 2023-02-23 # Put the current date, we will keep the date updated until your PR is merged

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2023-02-23
```

author: '[Sean Marciniak](https://github.com/MovieStoreGuy) (Atlassian)'
---

> 
> ## Additional collector SIGs for APAC

Reviewer: Drop the heading since the title is the same / similar:

```suggestion

```

As more investment grows for the collector from around the world, the ability to
gather and converse becomes a challenge. To help bring more of maintainers and

> contributors together, two additional times have been added:

Reviewer: Nits:

- Consider using active voice.
- The word "investment" doesn't seem quite right, and could be misleading. Can you think of another word or rephrase it?

Author: Would something like:

```suggestion
As more collector community grows around the world, having the ability to meet with each other is a challenge. 
To help bring more of maintainers and contributors together, two additional times have been added:
```

Be more appropriate?  I apologies in advance, I am not exactly sure what you mean by active voice.

Reviewer: Yes, that's great! Some further tweaks -- how about:

> As the collector community grows worldwide, ...

and

> To help more APAC <del>of</del> maintainers and contributors connect, we have created two new meetings times:

(Note "of" is deleted.)

Author: Sweet, thank you for your help reviewing this @chalin !

- 1st Wednesday is EU-APAC friendly
- 3rd Wednesday is NA-APAC friendly

## Meeting times

|         | UTC−08:00 (PST) | UTC -05:00 (EST) | UTC +01:00 (CET) | UTC +08:00 (China) | UTC +10:00 (Sydney) |
| ------- | --------------- | ---------------- | ---------------- | ------------------ | ------------------- |
| EU-APAC | 00:00           | 03:00            | 09:00            | 16:00              | 19:00               |
| NA-APAC | 15:00           | 18:00            | 00:00            | 07:00              | 10:00               |

> To stay up to date with these times, please subscribe to our
> [community calendar](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community#calendar)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To stay up to date with these times, subscribe to our
[community calendar](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community#calendar).
```

> Look forward to seeing new faces and reaching out to more of the collector
> community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We look forward to seeing more of you, the collector community, at these new meetings!
```
